It's not until the very last moment that those sparks tell me what [but] on Earth they machine
I've never encountered anyone like this
He absolutely blew my mind
To scientists this man is a gold mine a once-in-A-lifetime opportunity
This could be the linchpin that spawns off a new field of research
Why are they all so excited genius? It's not even
Daniel Tammet claims that since he was four years old. He's been able to do huge calculations in his head, [so]
[in] august 2002 we dropped by armed with a calculator
And you can't see this calculator that I've got here. Can you?
We first asked Daniel to multiply 37 by itself four times
okay, okay five [seven] to the power 4 um
1 1 million yeah
[870]
[4160] [One] Amazing
Just to make sure that people say well perhaps
You just know a few [of] these off by heart [let] me just choose another one next we asked them to divide 13 by 97
Low point one three four zero two
zero six
That's as far as my calculator. Go friend one eight five eight
five six seven
You're carrying on [going] on to me to stop off how many points can you do it?
[100] million
At this point we borrowed a computer that gave us the answer to 32 decimal places
Okay, no point
one three four zero two
zero six one eight
five
five six seven
As he went on every single number was correct?
And he even surpassed the computer
for
six
three
Nine one seven five two five you've reached the end of the computers all 100%
Amazing when you're pointing to the table and doing shapes with your fingers what what's going on?
And I'm seeing the numbers, but I'm not see
Straight I'm seeing pictures shapes and patterns
Almost like a square that the texture of order drops Ripples almost that's something reflective
It's somebody can look [through] almost on italic and Ilana was it a hard clown a bit like a flash
It sounds preposterous
But if it's true it blows away scientific theory
Daniels Brain seems to be doing something almost magical it appears to be doing maths without him actually having to think
As if this wasn't enough Daniel is also a wizard with words
Para [Colossal] Katya Katya Luscious velvety Meniscus
And he knows nine languages and says he could learn to speak [anyone] just a week
How can daniel do such enormous calculations [instead] and is it really possible to [learn] the language in just seven days
I'm currently a freelance tutor [Daniel] has agreed to be tested by scientists
And will also be calling his bluff
Without warning, we'll give him a week to master a totally new language before going live on National television
Kamala know me too dirty
But our journey begins in Oxford in
March 2004 Daniel took us by surprise
with a dazzling memory stunt
the ambition is to remember [pie] to
22,500 decimal places and
To recite it in [the] live environment
with a vigil [eaters] who will be checking and
Making sure obviously that the recitation is collect from start to finish
Pi is the circumference of a circle
divided by its diameter
It's a number with no pattern that seems to be in food
Daniel Reckon he could reel off the first 22 and a half thousand decimal places without [a] mistake
1 for 12 five nine two six five [three] five eight two zero nine seven five
two three six four eight zero eight eight one
two five nine two five four six point zero zero zero
six Nine Five five seven
[six-eight] two hours later and Daniel is barely Halfway
Absolutely staggering, it's a beautiful to listen to [the] flower numbers. It's beautiful to see the concentration
It's always amazing to be in front of one of the world's extraordinary persons
Three nine nine five two zero six one four it's almost religious
It's quiet recitation numbers
Smash Marazzi five six seven zero nine one one zero five one seven two one zero two eight seven four eight [one] five nine
after five hours and nine minutes
Daniel is nearing the finish line his recall has been flawless
please
finished yeah
Is gobsmacking new Brilliant?
Brilliant yes
But does this mean [that] Daniel could also have learned by heart?
thousands of different calculations, or
Does he has he claims have some strange power to see the answers in his head?
His childhood holds a dramatic clue
One of nine [children] brought up in east London Daniel claims that he's been able to do massive calculations since he was only four
I had
quite a severe seizure as a very small child a
series of seizures and a diagnosis of epilepsy was made
His childhood fits [seemed] to have changed something in his brain
It's really from that time that I started [to] to see pictures in my mind
[images] started to to form
intuitively Daniel also began to perceive the patterns within numbers
Cases like this are extremely rare yet there are others who have also suffered injury to the brain only
to emerge with a startling and often similar kind of talent
Orlando [Saral] was just 10 when he received his [fateful]. Blow me a friend playing baseball
I was [a] batter ran the first base. They got through the ball and ball hit on my left side [ahead]
It was a hard hit right [up] in this area right up in there, and I just laid on the ground [I]
Didn't go to hospital. They get no treatment or nothing
to his surprise
Ball and [I'm] soon discovered [that] he could name the day of the week and recall the weather for any date since his accident
Number 17 latinate is on a Sunday with sunshine and clear skies june 3rd. 1985 was on a Monday
It was hot March 28th 1990s on a Wednesday sunshine
second
Symmetries [third] next time she was on a winton so much money for [8] miles on a Sunday cloudy, [I] can't explain it
[but] his pops right into my head
Somehow the circuitry in his brain is computing calendar dates
What part of my brain is darkness? [I] don't know
Both Orlando and Daniel seem to possess special powers of perception as well as enhanced memory
There are only a handful of people like this worldwide, and they are known to science as savants
The concept was popularized by the hit movie rain man where actor Dustin Hoffman plays the part of a brilliantly gifted misfit?
Like rain man most Savants Lack normal Social skills often because they're autistic in
Fact the link with autism is so strong that we wondered whether it could be a factor in Daniels abilities
Cambridge neuroscientist [professor] Simon baron-Cohen [an] expert on autism will be making a careful assessment
autism is a spectrum of medical conditions where people have a lot of difficulty in forming social relationships and
in putting themselves into other people's shoes to imagine other people's thoughts and feelings, but
it's also where the individual develops very strong narrow interests obsessions and
Likes to do things in a very repetitive way
So it's a mix of ability and disability
25 Year-old Daniel seems to have lots of ability yet, no obvious disability
Today he's joined by his mother who will help to reconstruct Daniels turtle amongst her other children
Or any of them her memories it turns out are still vivid
If you had Daniel's first childhood never have another child because the constant crying
Up until now nearly the age of Tori was a real handful
He would just cry
constantly
We took to even swinging him in a blanket his bed would be at one end of the bank
I would [of] [yet], and we we resorted to that out of desperation. [did] you like that?
Yes, what sort of time? Do you like [the] sort of repetitive me? Yes? Yes [let's] [serve] him
The repetition seemed to [soothe] him and that's again a right sort of classic autistic characteristic [I]
mean if you if you think back [to] the days when [he] was at primary school with were the teachers at all and
Concerned about him. What did they talk about him as if he was different in some way? You know what would happen during break time?
think about the capstone remember counting stones and also there was a
Set called hopscotch. Yeah, so I would count the numbers on top
This was what interested me. [this] is what I would do and nothing else about
I know you didn't integrate that well. I remember you walking around the playground and looking at up at the trees
I'd walk around the trees and look at the leaves like [allah] [pathan] [son] learn and leaves in the bog
There seems to have the complexity within in shapes, and yeah textures that reminds me of you Embers, right?
Numbers for me have always been it's like the most real thing for me
From the time I was about five I've almost looked through
numbers lumps
I mean my legs the way I've looked at the world allow me so [I'll] always count things so I'll
Look at something and say that looks like
131 [fix-up] what that looks like 52 and
Just always thinking that this is how everyone else [experiences] numbers you know that that this is a normal thing
He got most pleasure out of just taking the maths books home and lying in his bedroom floor alone
Going as far as he could with
Numerical problems and just understanding numbers thing much more comfortable in a world of of numbers than people
Daniel's obsession with maths is at least part of the explanation phase special ability with numbers
The things that he always felt were his friends
Because I was so different
Mm-Hmm the children who would be bullies didn't know what to do with me
you know they didn't know how to teach me, so they just
Let me be pretty much
by most measures Daniel is autistic, but he's also picked up enough social skills to blend in the
[one] Criterion that really is missing
To warrant a diagnosis is that his symptoms are not really interfering currently with his life
For whatever reason he's managed to to adapt to our world
Daniel is lucky rare abilities like his usually come with severe mental handicap as part of the price
Dane, Bertino is a savant - [but] very different from
The one thing his gift is not the maths
We knew by two and a half that dane wasn't talking but instead
He was just expressing himself through art. He was drawing night and day
Since he was a toddler dane has been able to draw with extraordinary precision
But there's always been [a] flipside to his talent
Chinese language and social skills remain childlike
Even as his art becomes richer. He really pays attention to the little my new details
But he would put the emotion in
He loves drawing in the sand
And he enjoys watching the waves come in and wash it away
And then draw something else because he draws really quickly, so he likes to see things
changed so that he can [draw] something new
How is this remarkable boys seeing the world it would be fascinating to [know] if only he could tell us
What makes Daniel different from Sevens like dane, and so extremely valuable to science? Is that he can describe?
What's going on inside his head
expense numbers in a very visual way using
colors
texture shape you form
sequences for numbers
form
landscapes in my mind
It just happens. It's like having a full dimension
One for [XampP'] would [be] very bright very bright
And shiny numbers. It's almost like somebody flashing a light in my face you know today
It's a very interesting experience number two is kind of like a movement right to left the kind of like a drifting
motion five is
Like the clap of Thunder or the sound of a wave against the rock
Six is very small. It's actually the number
[I] find hardest to experience in any sort of meaningful visual way, so it's it's often the absence of anything
It's like a whole war or a chasm or like a black hole number nine is the biggest number
It's very tall there can be intimidating
Daniel says he sees every number up to ten thousand as a distinct shape or image
Until recently many researchers would have dismissed this is mumbo Jumbo?
But there is now a sound
scientific explanation
Different parts of our brain are specialized with different tasks
juggling numbers for example
or seeing shapes
If cross activation occurs between areas that are normally separate then things can get very mixed up
You might hear a sound and see a color
Or think a number and feel emotion
scientists call this weird phenomenon
synesthesia
Duncan less on of Julian Ashes and a researcher at Cambridge University
Experiences, synesthesia himself, but is struck by how peculiar it is in Daniel
[the] [most] synesthetes what they see is much more abstract for instance
I see what almost might be colored flames the sort of a flickering flowing movement
But Daniel sees very concrete shapes. Which is quite unusual
Is the entire number drifting upwards as it?
Julian believes that daniels complex imagery is the key to his gigantic memory
When he's recalling a number to twenty two thousand and five hundred digits what he's doing is moving mentally through a synesthetic landscape
ineffectively reading the numbers from the landscape
But are daniels numbers shapes also the key [to] his maths ability
To find out more were sending in to San Diego center for brain studies in California where he'll be grilled by skeptical scientists
First though he'll be traveling across America [and] putting some of his mental powers to the test
Daniel is in New York, but not as we know it
For someone who reads numbers into everything the city is giving him a strange vibe
Being in New [York]. We've all these huge skyscrapers
It's intimidating for me and over the time. I had this sensation and being surrounded by nine number nine is all around me
Can be very [nerve-racking] experience?
Seeing objects as numbers as something [Daniel] has grown up with
It can be a little distracting
But it's also something he can use to his advantage
Daniel is going to meet the chess hustlers, but he won't be playing chess instead. He proposed a memory game
[Daniel] he wants five minutes to memorize a board with 26 randomly placed pieces
And he's offering [ten] bucks for every mistake he makes
It's an offer they can't refuse
Us having to imagine that it was on a chess board by the sequence of numbers, and then I was experiencing the numbers as imagery
Time's up and the heat is on
like in there
Yeah C6
d 5 they scrutinize daniels positions have trying to find fault for
[I] pretty much got it spot on. I think there was one piece. I didn't put on the board
It's pretty good [when] Fuller being a nine chess player
now with the hustle
Do you mind if [we] take the pieces off and test one of you two guys you're you're pretty good jasper?
Well like I said, I'm I'm pretty impressed with you
I don't know if I can tap with one of you my friend would like to do it
But I don't know if I can honestly we can give you as much
We can give you an extra few minutes if you really want to study
Okay, okay
The other guided chess hustler. I take my hat off when he was game he went for it [and] did it I?
Was actually impressed personally speaking. He did better than I thought he [would] do
I think he made my mistakes
For me that's amazing. Ooh a piece that you remembered you remembered in the whitewater. If he's not experiencing the pieces in any
distinctive way
And yet? He's able to do that. It shows that war memory is really good
If you're talking memory though as one man, who is in a league of his own?
He's the world's most famous Savant and Daniel's next stop on route to California
Daniel's next stop is the one he's been savoring a meeting with the real rain man
I'm looking forward to meeting kim peek because he's meant to be amazing
He was the guy [that] the main man [character] was based on
This is really
Exciting for me because it's my first time meeting someone
else with whom I
Have this bond
Daniel makes his way to salt Lake City's problem and his father a waiting room
Nice to meet you
Let's walk down here. We can have a line they head off to a quiet [corner]
But Daniel can find out more about Kim stupendous memory time [timely]
With total photographic memory he remembers everything he's ever read
He can tell you the every city in the united states its highways and its area codes and its zip codes and its television
stations in his counties
And when it was made a state history of any country all the rulers [and] when they served
Presidents of this country when they were born their wives their families all of Nasa's accomplishments
So when they went up when they came down what they're doing you could talk to you about the bible. He can quote scriptures
He can tell you anything about if you want to asking about
It seems like everything he reads
He maintained
and nine months
Neuropsychiatry said he said severely mentally retarded [he] will never be able to learn you should
Put him in an institution forget about him
But Kim was reading, encyclopedias by age four and had finished the high school curriculum by [fourteen]
Goodbye [y'all] pain imma
Leave and cheyenne, you know that how fast can he mean he reads a page that
You and I would read and in three minutes approximately it takes you about [eight] to [ten] seconds
He reads left pages left eye right page of the right eye, and that [number] [is] about 98 percent of it go back through here
Keep my birth date is January 31st
1979 it wasn't it was a it was [a] Wednesday?
[this] year it's a a Saturday returned [2044] on a Sunday
What you did Queen Victoria had become great through Sona 1901
Came if Winston Churchill was alive today. Howard. Would he be?
130 and what day of the week would his birthday [fall] on this year?
It would be on a Tuesday the last day of nowhere
in 1987 Kim met actor Dustin Hoffman and became the inspiration for the hit movie rain man
We went on Hollywood the next morning and Kim spent the day with Dustin and all of his film friends
Because it was amazing all the things they asked him and all the things he knew
It was just like I had known [lee] before there were so many new things that came out of me
Although I'm much older
You're still a fine man and to
Some of you. Yes, sir. He says you don't have to be handicapped to be different because everybody's different
Though all Sorts of associations bubbling over in his mind. No wonder you look like Mary ruth
As it was almost as if he had too much information, and he couldn't get it out quickly enough
He's parting words to me. Well we looked into each other's eyes, and he said
One day, you'll be as great as I am and that was a wonderful compliment, and we'll aspiration to have
Before he encounters the scientists Daniel is making one last stop
Inspired by rain man. He's in Las Vegas to see if he can use his amazing memory to beat the house
For someone who hates crowds and flashing lights. It's an unsettling kind of Place I
Haven't actually been in a casino before I play cards with friends sometimes it up by playing with me
In blackjack [the] dealer has the advantage and even for a card counter it still comes down to chance
it was actually really hard to concentrate because
The white light [the] noise the atmosphere a strange mixture
tension and excitement all in one
Daniel is playing two rounds with eight decks inch that's over 400 cards to keep track of at once
Round one is a disaster daniels chips are disappearing fast and memory alone. Just isn't giving him an edge
Eventually he changes strategy
And follows his instincts the end. I was [just] relying on intuition and dimitri as it flows into my mind
at the most on promising Moment Daniel decides to Gamble [the]
[house] had a [ten] which the [regel] card and I was given two sevens
And that's Nanak would hand and is particularly not a good hand against a 10
What I decided to do was split the sevens an unusual move
statistically speaking not the best move but
Something in my head was telling me to do that anyway because of the imagery that I was experiencing and so I split the 7th
Doubled my bet was given a third card, and it wasn't anatomy a 7 and at this stage
I was really sure of the [wards] of the game because this the first time I played blackjack in a casino so [asked] can I
split those two
Then she's surprised
she says sure if you want to so she splits those and so I now have free hands at one time against a 10 and
The people behind me at a teen and they're you know they're saying what what is he doing?
You know he's so but he's playing free hands against a 10 he's splitting [70] comes a 10. He's crazy and
Then she draws the remaining cards for each seven he hits 21 on his first hand
and again [on] second
That's two out of two. Who'd bet against the hat trick now
That's 321 his sixth sense proves a winner and in one fell swoop
Daniel Squares his losses. How did you get [that]?
[one] I don't care if I lose now that was fantastic
But daniel needs to stay sharp [as] he heads for California and the showdown that really counts
At San Diego's center for brain studies. He's about to face a series of tests
But he really have some kind of sixth-sense an ability with numbers that goes Beyond just memory
Neuroscientist professor Ramachandran and his team are intrigued by the idea
But have their doubts when rama first came to me and said hey, we've got this math savant
That's coming here, and he can do 4x4 multiplication and he can recognize primes and he can do
Division out to so many decimal places. I thought yay. [I] he's probably faking it or he's got it memorized. You know
there's all sorts of techniques, and I'm
Very much a big skeptic of this
With the pleasantries over the testing can [begin]
27 to the power of
Six oh, can you do to [pump] some?
Okay
one zero four six zero three five three two zero three
That's not
Better than the calculator. [I] need to see whether or not that zero three is correct
But you know I have a feeling it would be
[31] four out of six
Daniels jet Lag is wrecking his concentration and slowing him up
Seven five seven three six eight
spectacular
Daniel has certainly impressed the scientists with his ability to calculate, but they're keeping an open mind about his method
Okay, here. We are confronted with somebody who claims to [have] amazing computational skills?
And when we tested him with some simple [numbers] doing a number 2 G [two-digit] number like 37 [^]?
Very very quickly gave us the accurate announcer, and we did this [with] several different numbers the question is how was he doing him?
One possibility is that Daniel has trained himself to do super fast calculations in his head?
As we're about to see the human brain can do incredible things
Believe it or not an extraordinary. Maths ability like daniels is something that ordinary people can learn
Here in tokyo some schools still teach the ancient art the abacus
Children start [learning] the basic skills aged [four] and practice every [day]
like
me
by the time they're 12 these whiz kids are fast becoming human calculators to
[be] sure lessons are not for the Faint-hearted
Well, I'm sometimes bare strict so some child cry perhaps or sometimes I hit them but they keep
Coming [here]. I hope they're happy, but when they're training they never have a smile on their faces
nevertheless eight years of hard slog can produce jaw-dropping results
12 year Old Kota Cazuca is top of the class I
Practiced two hours on weekdays, and then now it's on the weekend. I want to become a national champion I
Along with the other high [fliers]. He can now do huge calculations with a purely imaginary abacus
manipulating nothing, but the thin air
Children like this show us that with enough practice superfast mental calculation is possible hi
Hey, Ma, Ma
Yeah, Daniel insists. He's [not] doing this kind of conscious calculation at all
He says the answers come to him spontaneously out of his mental imagery
Rama and his team of finding it hard to trip daniel up, but they're not finished with him yet
If daniels descriptions of his numbers are real then they should also be consistent
[Ramin] asks Daniel to model some of his numbers with Play-doh
But doesn't tell him that he'll be retested the next day
It's hard to imagine him having memorized shapes the question is are they the same shape so we can actually compare that now?
That's two for two
Now let's see is two for two today
Overall there's a remarkable similarity
That's very interesting. Let's take
again same story very similar
Same color same shape
But not exactly the same
810 from today
810 from yesterday, and again, it's very precise shape
So general impression is he seems to be producing the same shapes consistently?
[Daniel] has cruised the consistency test
But rama and his team are still dubious that Daniel reacts emotionally to certain numbers I?
Was a little bit mean, and I played a trick on Daniel. He said he loved pie because it was beautiful. It was just this
Wonderful special shape well if it's so beautiful for him, and he normally gets this
Wonderful warm reaction from pie I thought that I would show him
something that
initially would look like pie on the surface 3.14 and
tweak it a little bit throw in numbers like [six] which he doesn't like
The small electrodes attached to Daniels fingers are like a lie detector
They'll measure any emotional response good or bad
So if Daniel is shown a number that he really loves there should be a [clear-cut] signal
So sure enough. [I] showed him this
Bastardized version of Pi and we saw this very nice
You know warm the galvanic skin response and then all and it jumped up and then all of a sudden
it jumped again and as he was scanning it we kept getting another jolt and another jolt and another jolt and it wouldn't stop and
Afterwards I was asking what's going on in your head when you were seeing that and he said well
you know here's this beautiful number pi that I love and I see it and then as
I'm looking at the landscape all of a sudden. There's a pit where it's not supposed to be and
you know this mountain is missing and and it's really it's
wrong and how could you do that something so beautiful and
And you know while it was a little bit mean to do that to him
It [really] shows the point
that he
Does have some sense of emotion associated with these numbers because the skin response was off the charts?
It was something you just can't fake
these are the things
Specifically that are showing me
He's not bullshitting and he's not scamming even the mistakes that Daniel is making are the mistakes that tell me
You know what?
This is this is legit a faker wouldn't be doing this
So if Daniel is the real how is he able to do such huge calculations without any conscious effort?
You did this computation in your head what exactly was going on in your head
I see an image in my [head] and
That image starts to change starts to almost like evolve. It's quite vague at first as I'm looking at it. It becomes
Clearer and clearer over a time and then from from that landscape I can read the digits out [sort] [of] gradually crystallized. Yes
In a multiplication the two numbers hover before him has distinct shapes
The Gap in between makes a third shape which Daniel experiences as a new number
The correct answer he's doing there, but he doesn't even know it
When it comes to numbers it seems that Daniels brain really is doing something extraordinary
I'm blown away something the scientists can't yet get a handle on
This could be the linchpin that spawns off a new field of research
But we still had one last test for Daniel
Daniel is now flying to Iceland for [his] ultimate challenge
We've given him a week to learn a totally new language from scratch, and then go live on National television
Even the locals say that icelandic is confusing and unpronounceable
the difficult bit is the grammar [I] would say but we have funny sounds where he had no remember [that] never do like a
sound like this
with the clock ticking
Daniel Badly needs some lessons
But his teacher doesn't seem hopeful there was a minute, but it's impossible to know an iCelandic
So the four is that I get to tate's they have this feeling. It's like he would say impossible
Impossible thoughtful for a human to learn this in a week just [collect]
That's the icelandic word for impossible. You know colloquial. Speak if a knife is
Daniels Brain Power may have met its limits
First when you get into a new language is like a person
You just that's what you're here
You don't [hear] would you just hit a little bit a little bit and for the ear
It takes time to adjust and tune in and trying to find the sounds if you're just like me, it's one thing to
Learn the language to speak it to be able to produce it as touchy you know talk with somebody
comprehension actually listening to the language and
Understanding it that's that something else because takes time fully here to actually get used to the totally different sounds
Gonna Pop gone back in One Day
Queer tax taxes
With a day to go before daniels live chat show his teachers early doubts returning to amazement
It was like a watching cleaner. I can see you were sucking up the words and he was this putting it in his raid
little by Little hour by hour
I'm just beginning to tune in and hear more and more of the language and understand more and more of it
It's one thing to chat with your teacher
Speaking live to a quarter of a million people is the real test I
Have no idea. What will come out?
Tomorrow [night] if you get too stressed nothing's Gonna come out
The seven days are up and Daniel is making last-minute preparations before. He goes live on air
just [given]
Okay, tell me rent
Minton Ultra-left minions [where] to Milan on [isLa] de
La Reina Tolliver Daniel tomato, eastland school nestor minuteness, welcoming welcoming retinue him [genki] a letter
your fell back a sense carefully make e so fat leg [oh]
[Yeah], Air [Feta] [Lyra] Um
how co telkom
Vega y, aca [Iceland] Inca [Dalla] is let's go air ah
So I eat them
enzo Anda Or yang ff isn't School Ozma
How well has Daniel managed to speak icelandic after just a week of learning the language from [scratch]? [yes] [lending] go?
Darla a key
mouth Ride
Astonishingly it looks like Daniel has pulled it off [Miata] Darla is [some] school mecha standing. Go I was amazed
He was responding to our questions. He did understand them very well and
I thought that his grammar was very good
Malanga Saya so my header
We are very proud of our language, and then that someone is able to speak it after only one week. That's first is great
Okay, Papa
This is really sustained. Ellis is definitely unique. I would say [mastered] genius and for me
I will never ever get in touch with a person or a student ask if that that he is because it's almost Beyond its [its]
It's not human
There's no doubt that abilities like Daniels are extremely rare
World Authority on [Sevens] Dr.. Darrell Trafford has spent a lifetime studying the rain man phenomenon and
Is in no doubt where to rank Daniel?
My us two minutes are probably fewer than 50 such people living world one
I think [daniels] ability is at a prodigious level because it would be spectacular
Pair were to be seen in any of us would be spectacular
Equally though Daniel has been blessed with almost miraculous. Good fortune
there lying between profound
talent and Profound disability seems really and surprisingly finland
The way Daniel can describe his inner world is giving scientists a window into the brain that they've never heard
But the truth is the Journey of exploration
Is only just beginning?
The bigger question is whether we all have some of those abilities within us and that?
Is what I refer to as [the] little rain man within each [of] us
What I do it isn't, I don't think it's you can actually [think] it's something
I can't be explained who knows there may be [abilities] head everyone can perhaps tap into in some way
Savant syndrome is challenging us to think in new Ways about intelligence and what intelligence is
you